Restore pre 22.3 wheel cache pathing (#11538)
pypa/pip: news/11527.bugfix.rst

> This change restores 22.2.x wheel cache behavior to pip allowing the
> cache to find existing entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wheel cache behavior is restored to match previous versions, allowing the
cache to find existing entries.
```

This fragment appears in the changelog, and the sentence starting with _This change_ does not make sense to me.
